Added Contributing.md file (#2)
bench-routes/benchdocs: website/content/docs/contribution.md

> ---

Reviewer: We can also include a point, in the end, saying if you want to contribute by discussing a possible feature, please consider opening a topic at our mailing list and then provide the mailing list link.

title: "Contribution"
description: "Contributing Guidelines"

weight: 5
---

> First off, thanks for taking the time to contribute!

Reviewer: I think we shouldn't write this. They haven't contributed yet, rather are deciding to contribute. So something like `First off, thank you for showing your interest in contributing the project`

The following is a set of guidelines for contributing to `Bench-routes`. These are mostly guidelines, not rules.
Use your best judgment, and feel free to propose changes to this document in a pull request.

## Code of Conduct

> This project and everyone participates in it is governed by this [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/bench-routes/bench-routes/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project and everyone who participates in it, are governed by this [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/bench-routes/bench-routes/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
```

> By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. Please report unacceptable behavior to [**benchroutes@gmail.com**](mailto:benchroutes@gmail.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. Please report any unacceptable behaviour to [**benchroutes@gmail.com**](mailto:benchroutes@gmail.com).
```

## How Can I Contribute?

#### Contribution in code

We are excited to receive contributions from you in form of code.

Unsure where to begin contributing? You can start by looking through these [`beginner`](https://github.com/bench-routes/bench-routes/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Afeature) and [`good-first-issue`](https://github.com/bench-routes/bench-routes/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22) issues:

* Beginner issues - issues which should only require a few lines of code, and a test or two.

#### Pull Request Process

1. Make a new branch for each feature/pull request. 
2. Ensure any install or build dependencies are removed before the end of the layer when doing a build.

> 3. Ensure that the code follows the linting standards. `eslint`, `tslint` and `prettier` are used for the TypeScript files and `golint` is used for the Golang files. Use the command `make fix` to format the code.

Reviewer: I dont remember here, so will it be possible for you to please verify if we use all the three ways in the UI? The eslint`, `tslint` and `prettier`.

Author: yes, we are using all three ways.
